CCP-1955: Implemented path button for navdrawer and tab bar (#1)
shopgate-professional-services/ext-swell: README.md

# Shopgate Connect - Swell

This extension integrates a Shopgate app with the [Swell](https://www.swellrewards.com/). Swell is a loyalty provider that rewards the user with points for discounts and free items.

## About Shopgate	

Shopgate is the leading mobile commerce platform.	

Shopgate offers everything online retailers need to be successful in mobile. Our leading	
software-as-a-service (SaaS) enables online stores to easily create, maintain and optimize native	
apps and mobile websites for the iPhone, iPad, Android smartphones and tablets.	

## License	

> Shopgate Connect - Extension Boilerplate is available under the Apache License, Version 2.0.	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shopgate Connect - Swell is available under the Apache License, Version 2.0.	
```

Author: Fixed
